What is DNS:
DNS means domain name system. Resources on internet are provided internet protocols in sequence on numbers however these numbers are not human readable. So IPs are mapped to DNS.  What is virtualization: virtualization is a layer over bare metal server. Where we can create virtual machines on top of the server and VM will have its own memory, storage, processor and its own OS  what are containers: containers are similar to virtual machines but they do not have their own base operating system however they use hosts’s OS. They are provided isolation of process from host. They can contain micro services which contains all depends to run the micro services

Troubleshooting examples:
- At northwestern mutual I was working on an application which was used by testing team to compare financial plans generated by company’s finance planner software. This application was running into issue that it was not able to computer difference. I went ahead and exceed into the pod to see what is happening with java application. I used ls /proc/pid/task to see all the threads open on the machine and figured out it was more the then limit allowed on that machine. I was able to suggest the team to limit number of threads their application opens as scaling will not help in this case.  
How to secure docker containers: 
- Container scanning via twistlock
- Carefully choose third party image
- Setup limits to the container
 Bottlenecks to architecture: 
- Networking: can firewall be issue, can security groups be an issue
- Scaling: can we scale according to the need of application
- Threading with respect to host
- Memory issues (process can reserve memory)
 How interact with team
- Always be considerate about others time (they might be busy)
- Always be polite and thankful
- Always be open to ideas others provide and not argue with them
- Request for examples if they have something available
 How interact with conflict:
- Conflict of support by not reaching out individually if support channel available
- I had a situation where I was supposed to migrate database from company’s old AWS account to team’s was account. Old was account was maintained by central infrastructure team and required me to work with them. When I requested for help in support channel, my request got assigned to an individual who was known to be a hot head. As the task was important on urgent, I started my conversation with him and soon determined it is going to be very difficult to communicate effectively with this person. I had kept my conversation very polite in the support channel however the response was not pleasant throughout the process. I reached out to my manager for a suggestion as I did not want things to get worse and wanted to get done with task quickly. My manager communicated this behavior with his manager and we got to know due to some personal issues, he has been unbelt to communicate properly.  Post that discussion , I did get better response. After clearing up my request I ensured I thanked him enough and some BRAVO points (our internal reward system) and since then we have improved our working  relation and have had worked on multiple tasks with each other’s support. 

How does SRE work:
- They automate everything to solve other tasks
- They are first responders to maintain SLOs and SLAs that has been promised by the application 
- Main tasks of SRE:
    - Fix bugs
    - Build and deploy software
    - Test software
    - Administer production deployment
    - Manage tooling and provisioning
    - Mitigate against disasters
    - Learn and share skills
    - Analyze past incidents

Why I want to be SRE:
- I love working with large, chaotic systems
- I love solving problems which I have never seen before
- I love automating and making mundane tasks easy for teams
- I am good at collaborating and communicating with engineers to figure out their problems (and hidden ones) and coming up with solutions
